we present
plus a video course next door
alarm installation with rise
due
see
module
alarm
way the goal
climb
electric due
we come back
vibrated electric
climbs up
dci
motor
electric glass
see the video showing the two arrows
some of them as the author turning two-way the time
leandro braga
Contact I resigned
turns on
and disconnect contact
but fuse eder
defendant's show
front
let's see
the fuses
see the video in the background
panel
left the fuse base
to the right the arrow key
to the center the acquisition agreement
left again
module
off
on the right
Upload module due
then
a button
sobe electric me up
right has changed
where the tiger two-way clock
and before the panties
see background
the panel
we will fight the accountant
see what lit the battery light and lulus thulium
contact
once again
since the contact
legal tell
region again
observe the fuel marker
symbolizes that really contact was legal
turns off
fight
connected contact
we will do
the test on the button see both directions see the 'engine' turning
opposite way
valkyrie and it works
our next step
after installing the riser module due to
we will do the test contact off door closed driver on the outside of the
car tightens control
the beans generating engines rising doubts
two leaders spoke and disarmed
observe in this case in this model of alarms if the driver forgot to
tighten control
strap roni foot automatic watch next
without tightening the control
see the glass rising
you
that assists us in the whole brazil do not forget and this is just a video
of demonstration
again
flood module
again showing the fuse base
the side opposite the
glass rising mode
see the attention
modules uploaded due
changed a lot
electric glass is clear two senses rises in tenth
view being shown electric glass button close up
muthuraman
Glass he touched
Do not forget
this is just a demo video
is the meeting thomati body look
glasses rising
the select
indicates to you that we watch the electric motor works of course
in two directions now in front of him
and from this vexame the symbology of the arrows
once again the exams
contact off
the driver outside the vehicle, the
see the motor rising
disarm